---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "mailgun_domain Resource - mailgun"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# mailgun_domain (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the new domain

### Optional

- `dkim_host_name` (String) Set the DKIM host name for the domain that is being created.  Note, the value must be a valid domain name, and can be the domain name being created, a subdomain of the domain being created, or the root domain. This parameter cannot be used in conjunction with force_dkim_authority or  force_root_dkim_host.
- `dkim_key_size` (String) The size of the new domain's DKIM key. Shall be either 1024 or 2048.
- `dkim_selector` (String) Explicitly set the value of the DKIM selector for the domain being created. If the domain key does not already exist, one will be created.  The selector must be a valid atom per RFC2822. e.g valid value `foobar`, invalid value `foo.bar`

https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2822#section-3.2.4
- `encrypt_incoming_message` (Boolean) Enable encrypting incoming messages for the given domain. This cannot be altered via API  after being set for security purposes. Reach out to Support to disable if necessary.  Default to false
- `force_dkim_authority` (Boolean) If set to true, the domain will be the DKIM authority for itself even if the root domain is registered on the same mailgun account. If set to false, the domain will have the same DKIM authority as the root domain registered on the same mailgun account. Default to false.
- `force_root_dkim_host` (Boolean) If set to true, the root domain will be the DKIM Host for the domain being created even if the root domain itself is not registered with Mailgun. The domain being created will still need to pass domain verification with valid spf records for the domain and valid DKIM record for the root domain.  This does not effect the smtp mail-from host for the domain being created. The mail-from host will remain the domain name being created, not the root domain.
- `hextended` (Boolean) Default to false. If set to true, domain payload will include dkim_host, mailfrom_host and pod
- `hwith_dns` (Boolean) Default to true, domain payload will include sending and receiving dns records payload
- `ips` (String) An optional, comma-separated list of IP addresses to be assigned to this domain.If not specified, all dedicated IP addresses on the account will be assigned.If the request cannot be fulfilled (e.g. a requested IP is not assigned to the account, etc), a 400 will be returned.
- `pool_id` (String) Requested IP Pool to be assigned to the domain at creation.
- `smtp_password` (String) Password for SMTP authentication
- `spam_action` (String) Disabled, block or tag. Default to disabled. If disabled, no spam filtering will occur for inbound messages.

If block, inbound spam messages will not be delivered.

If tag, inbound messages will be tagged with a spam header. See Spam Filter.
- `use_automatic_sender_security` (Boolean) Enable Automatic Sender Security. This requires setting DNS CNAME entries for DKIM keys instead of a TXT record. Defaults to false.
- `web_prefix` (String) Sets your open, click and unsubscribe URLs domain name prefix. Links rewritten or added by Mailgun in your emails will look like <web_scheme>://<web_prefix>.<domain_name>/... Default to email
- `web_scheme` (String) Sets your open, click and unsubscribe URLs to use http or https. Value either `http` or `https`. Defaults to http. In order for https to work, you must have a valid cert created for your domain. See Domain Tracking for TLS cert generation.
- `wildcard` (Boolean) Determines whether the domain will accept email for sub-domains when sending messages. Default to false.

### Read-Only

- `domain` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--domain))
- `message` (String)
- `receiving_dns_records` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--receiving_dns_records))
- `sending_dns_records` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sending_dns_records))

<a id="nestedatt--domain"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domain`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String)
- `disabled` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--domain--disabled))
- `id` (String)
- `is_disabled` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `require_tls` (Boolean)
- `skip_verification` (Boolean)
- `smtp_login` (String)
- `smtp_password` (String)
- `spam_action` (String)
- `state` (String)
- `tracking_host` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `use_automatic_sender_security` (Boolean)
- `web_prefix` (String)
- `web_scheme` (String)
- `wildcard` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedatt--domain--disabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domain.disabled`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String)
- `note` (String)
- `permanently` (Boolean)
- `reason` (String)
- `until` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--receiving_dns_records"></a>
### Nested Schema for `receiving_dns_records`

Read-Only:

- `cached` (List of String)
- `is_active` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `priority` (String)
- `record_type` (String)
- `valid` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--sending_dns_records"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sending_dns_records`

Read-Only:

- `cached` (List of String)
- `is_active` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `priority` (String)
- `record_type` (String)
- `valid` (String)
- `value` (String)
